# Project Summary
In this project I take a movie dataset and analyze it to find the best category to focus on in order to bring in the most gross revenue.  To start I looked for any missing data and found multiple columns with missing data.  Then I used dropna() to drop all rows with null values.  In addition to dropna() I had to use copy() to avoid pandas error, which appears when working on a slice of a dataset.  I then double checked my work and ran the code I used to search for any null values.  After I removed all null values I looked for any duplicate rows.  This dataset had none.  Next, I added a new column "yearcorrect" which took the release date year and stored that because the original dataset had rows with mismatched year and release dates.  Then I set the max rows displayed higher so that I could double check that my new column fixed the issue.  Row 760 Crimewave had year 1985, release date 1986 and now yearcorrect 1986. Now that my data is properly setup I started to plot it. Using a regression line I plotted budget vs gross and found a positve correlation.   Before analyzing the data my hypothesis was that budget would positively correlate with gross, but I didn't know what else would correlate so I next used a heatmap to get a better idea.  Based on the heatmap votes was a close 2nd to budget.  In order to include more columns in the heatmap I numerized the columns.  With the addition of numerized columns the heatmap the top two columns that correlated with gross were still budget and votes.  Finally, I converted the heatmap into sorted pairs to visualize the data differently.  In conclusion, this data points toward budget and votes being the best way for a movie to earn more gross revenue.
